Description
  This project is a fully navigable, editable web-based restaurant menu application.  The main page is a list of restaurants, each of which 
  links to the menu containing items, listed by course, prices, and a brief description, as well as links to edit all of these.  JSON 
  endpoints are included as well for lists of restaurants, menus of restaurants, and items on a menu.
  
  The majority is writtten in Python, using the Flask framework, but also includes HTML and CSS files for page rendering.  Sqlalchemy is 
  the database.
  
  This project began during Udacity's Full Stack Foundations online course. Some code is boilerplate, but most functionality developed
  myself.  When added, the database population file was provided in course materials. This file not necessary to run the project, but
  provides a starting menu for editing.

Contents
  finalproject.py 
    Contains functions to display each page, as well as functions to update the database, and create JSON endpoints.
  database_setup.py 
    Creates a sqlalchemy database file(restaurant.db) containing all the necessary fields for this project over two classes of entry,
    Restaurant and MenuItem.  Also contains serialize functions for each, used in construction of JSON endpoints.
  restaurantmenu.db
    File contains the restaurant database created and updated on my machine during development and testing, as of approximately
    10-8-18, i.e. the original posting date. Not necessary to run the project remotely, as file will be created by database_setup.py,
    but a usable database for finalproject.py, if running setup not feasible.
  lots_of_menus.py
    Script to populate the database with a prearranged list of reataurants, menus, and items.  Not my original work.
    Still to be added.
  static
    Folder containing style sheets for pages.  Also contains files used on pages, right now only forkandknife.jpg, used as background.
  templates
    Folder containing all HTML files necessary to display each type of page.
    
How to run
  All testing performed on a Vagrant VM.  Other ways to run this file will work as well, but are not discussed in this ReadMe. After
  downloading files to your machine, install any necessary dependencies into VM, if not already installed. The most likely libraries to
  need are flask(including Flask, render_template, url_for, flash, redirect, request, and jsonify), and sqlalchemy(likely to need
  sessionmaker and create_engine).  Make sure folders 'templates' and 'static' are installed into same directory as three python files,
  finalproject.py, database_setup.py, and lotsofmenus.py.  If not already, install Vagrant and VM VirtualBox.
  
 Open VM environment and navigate to directory files are contained in.  First, run database_setup.py.  This will initialize SQLAlchemy
 database 'restaurant.db'.  Next, run lotsofmenus.py.  This will populate the database with entries.  This step is not strictly
 necessary, but will give the user a list of restaurants and menus to begin exploring.  This has also been done by me, and results are
 reflected in my version of restaurantmenu.db.
 
 Next, run finalproject.py.  Once running, open web browser, I used Chrome, but all should work.  Use URL localhost:5000/ to view page.
 From main page, user can navigate using links to find menu/item desired to edit or delete, as well as add new entries.  To exit, ctrl+c.
 
  

Opens using localhost:5000/
